Measuring Goodhart
But it's important to keep track of how well the true objective is being optimized. We'll focus on a setting that is particularly clean to analyze, in which we have access to the true objective. In addition, best-of-$n$ sampling has reliable performance and is straightforward to analyze mathematically, making it well-suited to empirical studies of Goodhart's law and related phenomena. Together, these estimators allow us to easily analyze how the true objective varies with the amount of optimization applied to the proxy objective. In the settings we've studied so far, such as summarization, we've typically been able to reach a KL of around 10 nats using reinforcement learning before the true objective starts to decrease due to Goodhart's law.

DALLE
Phased Deployment Based on LearningWe've been working with external experts and are previewing DALLE 2 to a limited number of trusted users who will help us learn about the technology's capabilities and limitations. We plan to invite more people to preview this research over time as we learn and iteratively improve our safety system.

Explore Meta AI's self-supervised learning demo for images
Today, we are releasing the first-ever external demo based on Meta AI's self-supervised learning work. Computer vision powered by self-supervised learning is an important part of helping Meta AI researchers deliver AI systems that are more robust and less domain-centric in nature. Using self-supervised learning to advance computer visionWhile we previously released the DINO code, this demo allows researchers and engineers to explore how the model understands images, to test its robustness, and to try it on their own images. Through image retrieval, a person could select a picture and discover similar images from a third-party data set of five million images. We'll need AI that can learn from everything it sees and hears, and that's only possible with self-supervised learning.

Using AI to deliver more inclusive biographical content on Wikipedia

Together, we built an AI system that can research and write first drafts of Wikipedia-style biographical entries. Today, we are open-sourcing an end-to-end AI model that automatically creates high-quality biographical articles about important real-world public figures. This starts with the web content used to create Wikipedia entries, which may be flawed or reflect cultural biases. Beyond this, Wikipedia articles must be written based on factual evidence, often sourced from the internet. When a Wikipedia editor or our AI model writes a biography, information is pulled from around the internet and cited.

As a force multiplier for scientific research, AI is helping accelerate the rate of progress across many domains, including those most important to solving the climate crisis. One promising attempt at this is the Open Catalyst Project, run by a partnership between Meta AI and Carnegie Mellon University's Department of Chemical Engineering. We believe this work will enable AI systems to grow sustainably and with lower infrastructure needs. In agriculture, AI systems are helping optimize water and fertilizer usage and increase the productivity of farm equipment and systems. We're incredibly optimistic about the impact AI is going to have on climate and sustainability, and the role that our researchers and engineers can play in helping build it.

AI Takes Bite Out of Dental Slide Misses by Assisting Doctors
Pearl, a West Hollywood startup, provides AI for dental images to assist in diagnosis. It landed FDA clearance last month, the first to get such a go-ahead for dentistry AI. Dentists can then review the AI findings and share them with patients to facilitate informed dentist-patient discussions about diagnosis and treatment planning. The startup's FDA application showed that on average Pearl AI was capable of spotting 36 percent more pathologies and other dental issues than an average dentist. The entrepreneur decided to pursue AI for dental radiology after talking shop on a visit with his dentist.

NVIDIA GPU-driven convolutional neural networks developed by Pearl can spot not just tooth decay but many other dental issues, like cracked crowns and root abscess requiring a root canal.

In the NVIDIA Studio, blog series celebrates creativity everywhere by spotlighting 3D animators, video editors, photographers and more, every week. 

New Z-code Mixture of Experts models improve quality, efficiency in Translator and Azure AI
Microsoft has recently deployed Z-code models to improve common language understanding tasks such as name entity recognition, text summarization, custom text classification and key phrase extraction across its Azure AI services. The new Z-code-based translation model is now available, by invitation initially, to customers using document translation in Translator, a Microsoft Azure Cognitive Service which is a part of Azure AI. Microsoft's Z-code models consistently improved translation quality over current production models, according to common industry metrics. In contrast with typical multilingual transfer learning approaches, which typically show AI quality gains in languages that have fewer direct translation examples available for training, the Z-code Mixture of Experts models show consistent gains even in the largest languages. Human evaluators in a blind test commissioned by Microsoft found that the Z-code Mixture of Experts models improved translations across languages, with an average gain of 4%.

New Azure OpenAI Service combines access to powerful GPT-3 language models with Azure's enterprise capabilities
Since OpenAI, an AI research and deployment company, introduced its groundbreaking GPT-3 natural language model platform last year, users have discovered countless things that these AI models can do with their powerful and comprehensive understanding of language. At its Ignite conference today, Microsoft announced it will help its customers uncover these kinds of experiences with the new Azure OpenAI Service, which allows access to OpenAI's API through the Azure platform and will initially be available by invite only. The new Azure Cognitive Service will give customers access to OpenAI's powerful GPT-3 models, along with security, reliability, compliance, data privacy and other enterprise-grade capabilities that are built into Microsoft Azure. As more people are able to access and use them, the models become even more capable, said OpenAI CEO Sam Altman. The new Azure OpenAI Service will give customers access to OpenAI's powerful natural language GPT-3 models ' with the security, reliability and enterprise capabilities of Microsoft Azure.

Provided with these inputs, Ithaca restores the text, and identifies the time and place in which the text was written. However, many of the inscriptions historians are interested in analysing with Ithaca are damaged and often missing chunks of text. Chronological attribution : When dating a text, Ithaca produces a distribution of predicted dates across all decades from 800 BCE to 800 CE. : When dating a text, Ithaca produces a distribution of predicted dates across all decades from 800 BCE to 800 CE. Saliency maps: To convey the results to historians, Ithaca uses a technique commonly used in computer vision that identifies which input sequences contribute most to a prediction.

Accelerating fusion science through learned plasma control

Successfully controlling the nuclear fusion plasma in a tokamak with deep reinforcement learningTo solve the global energy crisis, researchers have long sought a source of clean, limitless energy. In a paper published today in Nature, we describe how we can successfully control nuclear fusion plasma by building and running controllers on the Variable Configuration Tokamak (TCV) in Lausanne, Switzerland. This 'plasma sculpting' shows the RL system has successfully controlled the superheated matter and - importantly - allows scientists to investigate how the plasma reacts under different conditions, improving our understanding of fusion reactors. We see the plasma at the top of TCV at the instant our system takes control. We then created a range of plasma shapes being studied by plasma physicists for their usefulness in generating energy (DeepMind).


